SPORTS Kenya's rugby coach recalls four players ahead of HSBC World Series legs in New Zealand and Las Vegas.
SPORTS Football is a family of team sports that involve, kicking a ball with the foot to score a goal.
SPORTS Tennis is a racket sport where player uses a tennis racket that is strung with cord to strike a hollow rubber ball covered with felt over or around a net and into the opponent's court.
SPORTS The four Grand Slam tournaments, the Australian Open, the French Open, Wimbledon, and the US Open are considered to be the most prestigious tennis events in the world.
SPORTS Cricket is a bat and ball game played between two teams of eleven players each on a cricket field, at the centre of which is a rectangular 22-yard-long pitch with a target called the wicket (a set of three wooden stumps topped by two bails) at each end.
SPORTS In each innings, one team bats, attempting to score runs, while the other team bowls and fields the ball, attempting to restrict the scoring and dismiss the batsmen.
SPORTS The essence of the sport is that a bowler bowls the ball from his end of the pitch towards the batsman who, armed with a bat is "on strike" at the other end.
SPORTS The batsman on strike must prevent the ball hitting the wicket, and try to score runs by hitting the ball with his bat so that he and his partner have time to run from one end of the pitch to the other before the fielding side can return the ball. 
SPORTS The modern Olympic Games or Olympics are leading international sporting events featuring sports competitions in which thousands of athletes from around the world participate in a variety of competitions.
SPORTS Shuttler P. V. Sindhu became the first Indian woman to win a silver medal in Olympics and also the youngest Indian Olympic medallist.
COMPUTER A computer is a device that can be instructed to carry out arbitrary sequences of arithmetic or logical operations automatically.
COMPUTER A program is a set of data that consists of a series of coded software instructions to control the operation of a computer or other machine.
COMPUTER Without a significant amount of memory, a computer would merely be able to perform fixed operations and immediately output the result.
COMPUTER Computing includes designing, developing and building hardware and software systems; processing, structuring, and managing various kinds of information.
COMPUTER The field of computing includes computer engineering, software engineering, computer science, information systems, and information technology.
COMPUTER Computing is the systematic study of algorithmic processes that describe and transform information: their theory, analysis, design, efficiency, implementation, and application.
COMPUTER Computer programming in general is the process of writing, testing, debugging, and maintaining the source code and documentation of computer programs.
COMPUTER Computer software can be divided into Application software, System software, Operating systems, Device drivers and Utilities.
COMPUTER Computer hardware is the physical parts or components of a computer, such as the monitor, keyboard, computer data storage, graphic card, sound card and motherboard.
COMPUTER Computer science is the study of the theory, experimentation, and engineering that form the basis for the design and use of computers.
